Maliwan's Time Bomb
version 0.2.0
Mine sweeper like game for WindowMaker.

Compile:
xmkmf
make
make install

Install:
cd to your home directory and
mkdir .wmtimebomb
and copy the file example.modefile in the source path into the ".wmtimebomb"
directory and rename it to "modefile". read more description about "modefile"
in the changelog section below.

Usage: wmtimebomb -s -c -h
-s will start timebomb with clock in its title
-c will start timebomb with counter in its title

Changelog:
0.2.0---
can be compiled under 0.22.0.
add XPM.lo and hope this will allow it to run on some more 8bpp mode.
  `rm XPM;ln -s XPM.lo XPM' before make to compile with XPM.lo. 
change middle click's behavier, life is easier now.
fix silly compiling bug.
0.1.9---
can be compiled under 0.19.0.
fix history bug that won't add user in some case.
0.1.8---
a crash bug when win the game is fixed.
fix some bugs.
0.1.7---
change all "bomber" to "bomb".
use WINGs input panel to customize, display and modify records.
will be compiled only on 0.18.0 - 0.18.1b (the recent version at the time)
more bugs were added :P
remove parameter -b -t -x -y. to play another mode, use the configure panel.
add more default mode in file HOME/.wmtimebomb/modefile
  and the format of the data in "modefile" is WIDTHxHEIGHTxBOMBxTIME, example.modefile
  is the example.
0.1.6---
README is fixed :)
restart bug is fixed.
change executable from timebomb to wmtimebomb.
show version number on title bar at start up.
remove runme script
0.1.5---
middle mouse will allow you to open every button in every direction if
  you already mark a number of skulls which equal to the number of bombs
  around the place you do middle click.
change tag order from ?->skull to skull->?.
0.1.4---
click on title (with the red-yellow "TIMEBOMB") will toggle clock and counter.
also add -s and -c parameters
right click in main window when the game is over will restart the game.
default menu will appear only if you start timebomb with parameter(s).
some bugs are fixed
0.1.3---
add mode menu.
update icon with expose event.
fix icon's buttons' responsibility.
0.1.2---
fix silly bug, use wrong variable.
0.1.1---
add WindowMaker menu.
add button on dock.
0.1.0---
I know that my friend love this game, but she must play it on 95 and
I can't grab any existing Linux version of mine sweeper and I just
  buy an Xlib programming book, why not try it?
----
TODO:
stop working on this :)
----
contact id@maliwan.org for all questions.
latest version of maliwan's timebomb can be grabbed from
http://www.maliwan.org/freewares.shtml
